Our Leadership
As Strong Memorial Hospital’s leadership team, our priority is to ensure that our patients and families have the highest quality care and the best possible health care experience. We strive to recruit the brightest and finest clinical and support staff to provide the most advanced, patient-centered medical care. Collectively, our team offers decades of experience at the University of Rochester Medical Center.

All of our leadership offices are centrally located inside the hospital to ensure that we’re well integrated with the ebb and flow of hospital life. In our ongoing pursuit to deliver exceptional patient care each and every day, we welcome and encourage your feedback. Please feel free to email or call us.

Steven I. GoldsteinSteven I. Goldstein
President & Chief Executive Officer
Email: Steven_Goldstein@urmc.rochester.edu
Office Phone: (585) 275-7895

Steven Goldstein directs all aspects of Strong Memorial Hospital’s operations and leads the effort to prepare the health care system to succeed in a managed care environment. He also directs all of the managed care activities at Strong and the University of Rochester Medical Center’s affiliates.

Michael J. Apostolakos, M.DMichael J. Apostolakos, M.D
Chief Medical Officer
Email: Michael_Apostolakos@urmc.rochester.edu
Office Phone: (585) 275-4786

Michael Apostololakos is board certified in Pulmonary Disease and Critical Care Medicine. As Strong Memorial Hospital’s CMO he serves as the liaison between the medical staff and administration. He is responsible for coordinating patient care and safety.

Kathy Parrinello, R.N., Ph.D.Kathy Parrinello, R.N., Ph.D.
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Email: Kathy_Parrinello@urmc.rochester.edu
Office Phone: (585) 275-4605

Kathy Parrinello is responsible for Strong Memorial Hospital’s day-to-day operations with particular emphasis on hospital programs as well as patient and clinical support services.

Adam AnolikAdam P. Anolik
Chief Financial Officer & Associate Vice President
Email: Adam_Anolik@urmc.rochester.edu
Office Phone: (585) 275-3033

Adam Anolik monitors financial matters relating to Strong Memorial Hospital and its affiliates.

Patricia Witzel, R.N., M.S., M.B.A.Patricia Witzel, R.N., M.S., M.B.A.
Chief Nursing Officer & Associate Vice President
Email: Pat_Witzel@urmc.rochester.edu
Office Phone: (585) 273-3832

Patricia Witzel is Strong Memorial Hospital’s senior nurse and oversees a department of 3,500 nurses, patient care technicians, and unit secretaries.

Robert J. Panzer, M.D.Robert J. Panzer, M.D.
Chief Quality Officer & Associate Vice President
Email: Robert_Panzer@urmc.rochester.edu
Office Phone: (585) 273-4438

Robert Panzer leads Strong Memorial Hospital’s quality assurance, clinical practice evaluation, quality, and safety improvement 